=head1 NAME

run-parts - run executable files and scripts in a directory.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<< run-parts >> [I<OPTIONS>] [--] I<DIRECTORY>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=over 4

=item B<--test>

Print program names, but don't run them.

=item B<--list>

List all matching files, including non-executables, but don't run anything.

=item B<-v>, B<--verbose>

Print the name of each program before running it.

=item B<--exit-on-error>

If a program fails, terminate early.

=item B<--new-session>

Run each program in a new process, so if B<run-parts> is terminated, the
programs in progress will continue.

=item B<--regex=>I<REGEX>

Only run those programs matching a regular expression.

=item B<-u> I<UMASK>, B<--umask=>I<UMASK>

Set the umask for the scripts.

=item B<-a> I<ARGUMENT>, B<--arg=>I<ARGUMENT>

Provide an argument to be given to each program. This option may be provided
multiple times.

=item B<--ignore-suffixes=>I<SUFFIX1>,[I<SUFFIX2>,...]

Ignore any files ending with any entries in the given comma-delimited list of
suffixes.

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Show a list of options.

=item B<-V>, B<--version>

Show version information.

=back

=head1 HISTORY

The run-parts command is an ad-hoc unstandardized tool with wildly varying
implementations. The main two are the following:

=over 4

=item Red Hat

Implemented in bash, has a hard-coded list of prohibited suffixes, and only
implements the B<--list> option.

=item Debian/Ubuntu

More commonly used, this implementation is in C, and provides many more
features.

=back

Neither implementation is really appropriate for general-purpose usage. This
implementation is written for the L<Wolf Box|https://github.com/wolfbox/> Linux
project, and is intended to entirely subsume the features of the above two,
while working in portable POSIX shell.

=head1 AUTHOR

L<Andrew Aldridge|http://foxquill.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Andrew Aldridge <i80and@foxquill.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

=cut
